idea you're coming in the fucking Ralph
you think you're gonna fucking own shit
no idea what the fuck he's gonna call
the commune actually no idea 14 years
since we got him on that game they don't
give us money Kissinger - no idea what
the fuck he's gonna fucking happen I see
no idea fucking Marshawn Lynch hundred
and fifty yards three Tosh on straight
hours
fuck JP Losh man I'm gonna shit my
career either I'm getting fucking the
fuck yo China Edwards fucking like 19
for 24 a couple toss Shaw's I don't care
he's got the fucking arm and it's got
the arm enjoy fucking like six or seven
catches doesn't fucking matter
Buffalo two and three we design corner
by way everybody's gonna break but what
the fuck's going on with Buffalo fucking
bus for home sales let's talk of a
buffalo Baltimore coming in next week
fucking Willis McGahee he's gonna fuck
her game I guarantee you will fucking
die this is trash this is trash we got
three and three
Cincinnati play talk about she's headed
let's fucking talk about Cincinnati oh
you got a great eye on things
oh no no chance with you pitch lock
takes to the house
Simon nothing Buffalo in the home let's
throw it in Chanhassen Oh actually the
buddy 14f Buffalo Oh we'll kick the ball
off you got some fucking funny jokes
Roscoe Parrish 21 Buffalo then we'll get
the fucking ball games over can solve it
doesn't fucking matter
you guys get 27 I don't give a fuck with
in 2011 Buffalo 28 Cincinnati 27 that's
reached fucking 8 we already had a bye
week so doesn't fucking matter 400
bumper once behave let's talk about will
spaghetti coming in the fucking Butler
she's a fucking piece of garbage
this bumper five Gary losers in your
tears begin oh let's talk about fucking
possible ok whispering it will kick the
ball off the box long first this created
tears they had a fucking punt the ball
rats appearances on the grass repairs
she's like oh oh
box-boy
we go to halftime 7-nothing bus works
it's bumpy
best fucking kick returner and you got
40 nothing is easier than our like this
four to nothing
it doesn't fucking matter three let's
talk about bag of you think the Bengals
are gonna fucking come in a buffalo with
a fucking game you honestly think the
beggars are gonna coming to Buffalo to
the fucking game Chad Johnson to come in
I'm gonna fuckin talk my deck and he's
gonna suck it back oh no I don't even
wanna catch the ball let me satisfy for
the recon I don't need any she got fun
Chad Johnson fuck
hey Kip what'd you do your popcorn box
one of the fuck matters I'll tell you
what the fuck matters Buffalo Sabres
Friday night October 5th neuron counters
any two games doesn't fucking matter
we're gonna fucking hoist static hump
and just be Serina I'll fucking be there
it doesn't fucking matter Buffalo Sabres
fucking Derrick for our new captain
fucking hoisted instead of coughing
around doing spin moves top cap will
jump up one box when you ripped it when
you're fucking kill them all I'll go buy
a pack of cigarettes I'm done okay Gary
popcorn